Come back to another video about Guided Lab of Module 11 streaming and dynamic content using Amazon
iCloud.
From now in this lab, we are going to use two services.
We will use the cloud, different distribution in order to feed video to multiple playback engine to
customers like with handheld device.
Mobile devices with different format are used using a service, which is the NWS cloud code.
Now this is will basically use the cloud code to create an up energy to be livestream HLS protocol which
can be played back in multiple different type of browser that supported S protocol.
So the first thing we need to do in this lab is to check the preparation for the lab are correct.
So we need to go to a city and from a city we should have a bucket.
And that bucket is basically containing an input file.
It's called Amazon S3 Sand and before and the idea we are going to use the cloud to to cast this content
in the edge location and the stream and wants to build different type of devices using the cloud front
distribution.
So the first thing after we visit the city is to go to cloud to front, and from cloud to front we are
going to create a distribution and if you click here, you will find that there is an origin for the
distribution from Amazon SC three.
So we like that which is a three bucket access, which we meant allow public access and then we will
basically create distribution.
Now in the next step we want to create an Amazon elastic transcode that a pipeline.
So the transcode that here is going to be used be to stream the content to multiple different devices.
So we are going to go to services and different services.
We want to go to the elastic, it transcode and then we create a pipeline we will call the pipeline.
Here is the input pipeline and this is what read from this bucket.
So three buckets, which is the one with the wizard training and that role is going to be the Amazon
Elastic Transcode that role because we need to give the transcode a better machine to read and to write
to us.
Three Now we will also have a transcode there for the bucket to save the playlist and the classic audit
file.
And this is going to be the same bucket with the start of this class as standard, and we will also
select the same bucket for thumbnail with reduced redundancy and then we create a pipeline.
The next thing is to create a job.
And in the job creation here, guys, we went to basically select the pipeline as our input pipeline
and all the files generated by the input pipeline, they will be generated under the prefix output.
So basically inside a three, all everything generated by this pipeline is going to appear inside the
folder outputs and now the input key is going to be the input to slash Amazon SS3 sample.
And now for the output we are going to select multiple of we are going to select the output detail where
we need to configure different type of future list format.
So we will select the first one, which is that picture this it to him and you can find it here from
the menu.
Segment in duration then.
And this is basically the segment that we created in each out with records of the value between one
and 260, which is the duration in second.
So 10/2.
And the output key is going to be for this kind of format, we will call it pitch close to zero.
Now, we could also now add another output and this is will deal with the other format that we want
to support it, which is less one five.
And this is going to be the second format.
We will support one five and the duration is going to be 10/2.
And the output key when we give it the is as 1.415 and then we add another output and this time is going
to be the last one and the same duration ten and 21.
And after we finish this brief without going further, we need to create a playlist.
So we need to add a playlist.
And here the playlist we are going to call it based on the instruction to be primary.
And this playlist is going to be the link that we need to use to feed all different formats.
Now in that playlist, when the US within the master playlist, we are going to have the playlist format
in Hitler's V three and he is now in the output because we have configured the three output.
We could click here on the plus sign to add the three different output.
So select them in the same way we create them and then we need to create a new job.
This is output to select and click on create and now the jump is successfully created.
So we want now to test the playback.
Now before you go and you try to find that you are look below into step 32 because this will show you
how you can obtain these.
You are also the first thing we need to go back.
It's me open until the front and then you tap and select the find and in the origins you will find the
domain name that we can use.
You can use and copy this to a text editor now in your RC three bucket to go back to your S3 bucket
in the new tab, well, you will find there is a multiple output generated by the Transcode as well.
So if you go to output, there is a playlist called the primary emissary you a.
So basically going now to back to my good friend distribution you are and it's going to be output slash
this file you could open this in and you private window for example to view the video as you can see
successfully I managed to view and receive that with sight from the bit, the stream from the cloud
front and this is pretty much what you need to do for the step.
Thank you for seeing this video and see you in the next one.